connecting with our troops halfway
around the world is something we all
want to do and the probe versus GI Joe
organization brings us closer than ever
before pro vs GI Joe sets up real-time
video game competitions between
celebrities and our troops via the
Internet soldiers get a little taste of
home and get to kick some ass in the
process over the last three years pro vs
GI Joe has traveled the world uniting
troops and their families today we're
proud to be a part of their latest
endeavor rehabbing with the troops at
the Walter Reed Medical Center in
Washington DC our wounded warriors are
recovering from injuries sustained in
Iraq and Afghanistan what better way to
do that then getting active with the
Nintendo Wii whether jogging stretching
or boxing these soldiers truly get the
most out of their games so now that we
know where we're playing let's meet who
we're playing it's time for gaming with
the truth reward for this and joining us
now from the green turtle sports bar in
Washington DC devoted warriors for me
Walter Reed Army Medical Center
you also were equally as excited when I
said that Allison will gladly bang
anything in camouflage so excited that
can you show our viewers what you did
I'm telling you the best and brightest
minds folks what do you guys do for fun
in DC besides go to sports bars and play
wii Wow we don't want of course by the
way play we play for it what else do we
do guys wheelchair basketball the scuba
dive we threw with high what go to
coordinate better go to the rescue of
game and watching Lou yeah bear that is
sure all right so you guys have been
participating in season one of rehabbing
with the troops so so what is that what
what are the challenges like when you're
playing EA sports active games and
things like that so season one is pretty
much just the beginning their stock 20
of us he gave us a reactive to work out
on and the keeping track of all we do it
and on my time to do a news burn the
most Jews accomplishing the most we're
tweeting the most stuff like that and
I'm assuming you guys end up playing wii
sports tennis a lot and doing shots when
you win is that what really happens now
that you have a Nintendo Wii yes yes it
is and we're trying to configure it into
a beer pong matches with the pennant so
we're trying to get that all
straightened out but it's a slow process
I can't speak for electronic arts but I
appreciate your honesty on that and I'm
sure he loves it too but thanks for that
do you guys actually get a bit of a
serious question do you actually see a
benefit from rehabbing you know with
with EA sports and using the Wii in your
physical rehabilitation does that
doesn't actually work out for you guys
sorry personally it does being a single
blow the npt on my left leg I mean
acting like run in place now and you
squat yourself like that that's cool
yeah I mean there's a lot of squatting
and lunging in EA sports active I
definitely know that yeah I mean let me
like to kid it's it's fun and games but
that's really cool it is providing an
actual benefit for you guys in fact we
have EA sports active here so in the
spirit of rehab
with you guys allison is going to try to
crush you and demolish you and belittle
you at the heavy bag challenge so here's
how it's gonna go down these fruity
listen to hit the heavy bag four hundred
times will win all right and it's not
just holding two wiimotes or the wiimote
the nunchuck I don't actually have
weighted gloves so Allison is going to
do this and I will play trainer and
encourage her throughout the process
three two one
that was down to the wire oh my god I'm
so close Bernard you look like you're
sweaty we were not kind just dumped an
entire bottle of water on me that's okay
so you're good I'm proud of my hand slip
she did good that's 400 punches do we
have a break do we have a verdict was
anybody paying attention mmm oh I'm
sorry boys we just got the finger point
on it looks like we are though no listen
it's all right it was a pleasure to
absolutely destroy you guys I'm proud of
my girl hey slippers well if you want to
win these gloves and actually watch the
founder of rehabbing with the troops
take on one of the wounded warriors live
go to Wounded Warrior arena dot or
thanks again guys we appreciate your
participation of fun